on earth council in its infinite wisdom
has decided these two numbers are to be
disposed of the biochemical forum has
demands to make on their parts however
before they are eliminated that's the
kind of efficiency that makes you proud
to live in this era
[Music]
[Applause]
you have asked are we happy
are we happy and effective consultation
with leading experts in the field makes
it perfectly clear perfectly clear that
we are all now programmed for perfect
happiness perfect happiness perfect
happiness perfect happiness there are of
course occasional technical or
electronic errors in programming and/or
surveillance which produce perverse
exceptions first they start skipping
prescribed drug dosages then they begin
touching then indulging in various
sexual acts and the ultimate perversion
love for such extreme cycle biological
misfunction only isolation will do
[Music]
despite rumors to the contrary it should
be made perfectly clear perfectly clear
perfectly clear
there have been no repeat no
unprogrammed departures no pursuits
[Music]
the show people will attack any persons
venturing beyond prescribed areas
[Music]
you